Updates to the design of the module content page when clicked on a module. Take module 1 Intro to Web Development in this case from the first course. Refer to image "modulecontent.jpg" in images folder

General feedback

- The left panel and main content area on right should be independently scrollable. They should not scroll together
- Hovering on any content item in left panel should reveal a delete icon button (in destructive color) on the right of the item card. Clicking it allows to delete the content item after asking for confirmation
- Clicking the "Add Content" button should scroll up the left panel items to bring the content items in view and not requiring user to scroll manually to see them appear
- When clicking on any content type after list appears from clicking the "add content" button, the new untitled content item is added to the content list and the focus should go to the new content item from the current one
- For each content type, remove the bottom bar that has cancel and edit buttons. Instead, add a bar at the top. The top bar will have the title on the left and the "save {content type name}" button on the right
- Title is no longer editable in place. It will have its own text field in each content type

Content type specific design changes

Live Class (New class)

- Provide two options as radio button - New Live Class and Select from Existing Classes. This is because the platform had ongoing classes and many were made already but separate from the curriculum when they were not embedded here. We want to pull them to unify the curriculum if there are any previously made classes

- New Live Class
  -- Add a title field
  -- Provide radio button option to choose from Zoom or Google meets. When saving, a link will be autogenerated and sent to all the students and instructor of the course by email. No need a manual generate link button

- Select from Existing Classes
  -- Show a list of existing classes for that module across all batches (sometimes the live classes were specific for batches). They can selected one at a time. We can give radio selection

When a new class is saved. it will have the status of upcoming class which we can show at the top next to the title as a tag

Live Class (Upcoming)

- If the admin selects a live class item in upcoming status, the live class can be edited during this time

Live Class (Ongoing)

- When the live class is in progress, the status for the content item changes to ongoing and all the fields will be visible but disabled and cannot be edited. Save button will not be visible

Live Class (Completed)

- Once the live class is completed, the status for the content item changes to completed. All the fields will be visible but disabled and cannot be edited. Save button will not be visible

Video

- Remains the same as before. Just apply the general changes applicable here. A title field will be added
